[Music]
did you know that your observation
skills and strategic thinking can be
tested not only with riddles and puzzles
but with drawing as well believe it or
not but most people find it almost
impossible to draw certain figures with
just one line can you do it okay
let's talk rules first I'm going to show
you 10 different figures your task is
very simple try to draw them with one
line to make it a little easier for you
there will be two dots on each figure
one of them is where you should start
your drawing and the second one marks
the spot where the drawing finishes all
clear then let's get it started
[Music]
figure number one let's start with this
figure don't be scared it's way easier
to draw than it seems and you have ten
seconds to complete this task
[Music]
to draw this figure completely with one
line you should start at the bottom left
dot from here draw the Pentagon
completely until you reach this dot
again now you can draw the star go up
and down to the left one horizontal line
to the right and down to the left dot
from where we started see it's not that
challenging let's see how you do with
task number two figure number two meet
your second figure it's a circle two
lines and a rhombus with one side
missing you know what you have to do
tick tock
[Music]
time's up if you're lost and have no
idea how to draw it repeat after me
see this red dot on the left start
drawing a circle from this die now when
you get back to it go up to draw one
side of the could be rhombus then go all
the way down and up again to the same
old dot on the left now draw a
horizontal line dividing a circle into
two equal parts and finish the figure by
drawing a line to the red dot at the Box
[Music]
figure number three okay here's your
figure for challenge number three what
do you think can you find a way to draw
it with one line you have ten seconds to
do it
any luck ready or not here's the answer
start at the dot on the left and draw a
line all the way up to the dot at the
top now go all the way down and complete
the two sides of the rhombus that are
situated within the triangle making your
way back to the top dot again now you
can complete the rhombus by drawing the
two remaining sides of it outside of the
triangle from here draw a line to the
left dot completing the triangle finish
drawing the figure by adding one more
line that divides the main triangle into
three small ones and there you go
fit your number four here's the next
figure I have for you a circle and two
squares what can be easier right time is
ticking
time's up to draw this figure with one
line you have to start at the top red
dot and draw the square on the right by
going down right end up finishing it
with a long horizontal line that covers
one side of the square on the left but
don't hurry to finish it just yet
instead of going down to draw another
side begin drawing the circle going back
to this point again then you can
complete the square on the left by going
down to the red dot at the bottom about
a good strategy figure number 5 take a
look at this figure can you draw it with
one line let's find out
[Music]
the proper way to draw it is to start
from the blue dots on the left and draw
the two sides of the upper triangle all
the way to the blue dot on the right
from here let's draw both sides of the
triangle on the right and draw the
straight line to the blue dot we started
from now one line down one horizontal
line one line up one more horizontal
line and we're finished with the
rectangle part now we can draw the sides
of the last triangle on the left and
finish it off with the line straight to
the blue dot on the right all done
figure number six let's modify this last
figure a little bit and make it look
like this are you sure you can draw this
variation with one line take your time
all right so the winning drawing
algorithm for this figure is the
following
start at the red dot on the bottom left
and draw a straight line connecting it
to the red dots on the bottom right from
here go up and then to the left to draw
the other two sides of the square now
let's draw the two missing sides of the
triangle at the top and draw another
line right to the dot at the bottom left
where we started after that we can go up
to finish the square and go down to the
dots at the bottom right to complete the
figure easy-peasy figure number seven
did you notice how the figures are
becoming more and more difficult here's
your next one and your ten seconds
beginsnow
the key here is to start with drawing
the rectangle first but not fully though
so from the dock on the bottom left go
up to the right then down and to the
left but don't come back to the red dot
just yet to complete this figure with
one line you have to start drawing the
sides of the left rhombus from here draw
two of its left sides and then draw the
tips of all three rhombuses from here
you can draw the rhombus on the right
and then complete the other two
rhombuses in the same way when it's done
all you have to do is draw a line faster
the dots on the bottom left and give
yourself a good pat on the shoulder
really great job
fit your number eight your next
challenge is this complex figure are you
ready to draw it with one line time is
ticking
so have you done it if not let's do it
together let's start by drawing half of
the central small circle and the short
part of the line that divides it into
two equal parts from here we can do a
small art stopping at the dot that
connects the small circle on the right
with a big circle now let's draw the big
circle completely go back to this dot
and finish off the small circle on the
right then we can do another part of the
central circles line and complete the
small circle on the left let's finish
off the line draw another half of the
central circle and that's it no magic
just a bit of strategic thinking figure
number nine two circles and a line
what could be easier but is it actually
as simple as it looks you have ten
seconds to draw this figure with one
line
[Music]
to do this correctly you have to start
by drawing the down line but not all the
way down just to the point where the
first big circle starts now let's draw
the circles arc and go up from here but
again not all the way exactly to the
point where the small circle starts now
the arc for the small circle and a
medium straight line down dividing the
future small circle into two equal parts
from here we can draw the other art
completing the small circle and once
again go up to the point where the big
circle starts another arc completing the
big circle one short line down and
that's it but it's real time to be
relieved just yet even if you got it
right
the last figure is coming
figure number 10 for your last challenge
I have something really special this
spectacular figure no that's
overwhelming do you think you can draw
all this with one line as always you
have 10 seconds to do it but feel free
to stop the video for more time
[Music]
okay now let's get through this together
you should start at the tip of the
triangle and draw the left side of the
highest small triangle from here draw
its base and it's right side - now you
can draw the arc that connects the tip
of the big triangle with its left angle
from here let's draw the left side of
the big triangle and go down to draw the
side of the small triangle with its tip
down then we can finish this triangle by
drawing its other side and drawing the
right side of the final triangle in the
line now we can draw the basis of all
three triangles with one long line and
the first line of three triangles is
ready let's finish the second line of
five small triangles the same way go
down for the right side of the first
triangle then up down down and the long
straight line for their bases the line
of seven small triangles can be
completed in the same manner so down up
down down up down and straight line now
from this point we can draw two missing
Art's of the circle and the figure is
ready if you crack this drawing without
any explanation congratulations you're a
true master of observation and strategic
thinking if not don't worry just a
little bit more practice and you'll be
able to solve any puzzle out there so
how many of these figures did you manage
to draw tell us in the comment section
below don't forget to give this video a
like share it with your friends and
click Subscribe stay on the bright side
[Music]